in this video,
we're going to see how to group our data around a custom date so we can group our data
based on a custom date.
So here,
I've got my pivot table and I've got the order date here on the world section and the sum
of sales amount on the submission of value section.
And here is because here we've got data for 2016 and for 2070.
And let's say I want a group my data based on the 1st 6 months of 2017 so that I would make
that a group and then anything before that is another group and anything after that is
another group as well.
So to do that,
I can actually right click and then click on group here and I'll be starting on the first
of the 1st 2017 and ending on the 30th of June here,
2017 and then I'll select to group by months and then I'll click OK,
and let's see here what happens?
So I'm grouping by months.
Between two dates the first of January 2017 and the 30th of January 2017 on because I'm
grouping by months,
you can see her that Excel has group my data by months between the starting date and the
ending date.
So,
as you can see here and then I've got actually another cluster of data or a group of data,
which is anything before my starting date.
So anything before the 1st January 2070.
This is a group here,
and this is the submission of sales about for that period of time and then anything after
the 33 June 2017.
It says here greater than 33 June 2017.
Because here we've got the submission of the sales amount for that as well.
So,
as you can see,
I managed to group my data by months,
and I put a custom starting and ending date.
So that's resulted in having my grouping done by months because they selected months during
these two dates or between these two dates.
And then I've got another group where before thes two dates and then 1/3 group after these
two dates,
probably you wouldn't be using that a lot,
but it's just good to know that you could do it.
Okay,
So that's it,
guys.
For grouping by custom date.
Thank you very much.
You watching this video And I'll see on the next one.